At the beach we went to together,
[Issho ni itta sunahama de]
I heard the rumor that we both feel the same.
[uwasa ni kiita ryou omoi]
But I can't make the first move,
[Jibun kara wa ikanai no]
That's just how girls are, right?
[onna no ko tte sou iu mono deshou]
You gave me at the graduation
[Sotsugyoushiki ni moratta]
A ticket to a future with you
[Kimi to no mirai yuki kippu]
It’s a signal just for you.
[Anata e no shingou]
Whether it turns green or red
[Ao ni mo aka ni mo suru ni mo ]
depends on me, after all
[jibun shidai dakedo]
If I were Cinderella, what would I do? Tell me.
[Cinderella nara dou suru kana oshiete]
With a pumping of Shuwari, my feelings start to melt.
[Shuwari to pumping suki ga tokedashiteku]
The scent of soap rides on the sea breeze.
[Umikaze ni notta sabon no kaori]
Love is all about timing—
[Koi to wa timing]
In a single minute, fate can change.
[Ippun de unmei kawaru]
Not a local, but an express train—
[Kakueki janakute kaisoku]
Where will it take me, this love train?
[Doko e yuku koi no train]